>> Nina Zakharenko: A little about me,
your instructor,
my name is Nina Zakharenko.
You might also know me as NNJA on twitter.
I've written software for
some pretty cool companies over the course
of my decade long career in engineering.
I've worked at Meetup.
I've worked at HBO writing software for
satellite computers.
I've worked at Reddit.
These days, I work at Microsoft as a cloud
developer advocate focusing on Python.
I've been a professional Python
developer for the past five or
six years now, and
it's absolutely my favorite language.
If you'd like to stay in touch
with me after the course,
there are some links here
on the course website.
>> Nina Zakharenko: This is
an intermediate Python course.
You might also see it referred to as
Day 2 throughout the course website.
During this course,
we're gonna start getting more comfortable
with some of the more advanced aspects of
Python, like classes, list
comprehensions in the standard library.
At at the end of the day, you're gonna
know enough to build a small interactive
website using the Flask web framework.
Know that to fully participate in
today's class, you must have VSCode
set up locally, along with
a Python version greater than 3.7.
You must be familiar with all of
the concepts from introduction to Python,
which you might see referred to as Day 1.
Clicking through to
the Intro to Python section,
you should be familiar with
Python conventions like PEP 8.
Basic data types and variables,
numbers, strings, the common errors and
common mistakes you might
make as a Python developer.
Functions, defining them,
arguments, function scope.
The more advanced types of Python,
the list, the tuple, the set and
the dictionary,
you must be familiar with mutability and
know that a tuple is
an immutable data structure,
while list, set and dictionary is mutable.
You should know about boolean logic,
the truthfulness of a value in Python,
as well as how to make comparisons,
such as greater than, less than.
And and, or, and not,
those boolean operators.
You should know how to loop
along with control statements.
You should know the if statement,
else, for loops,
while loops and break,
continue and return.
Lastly, you should know how
to work with Python programs.
How to run them,
what the main method is, exceptions and
tracebacks, and
how to work with simple libraries.
Lastly, you should know a little bit about
what an API is and how to work with them.
Requests and responses,
HTTP status codes, and
how to use the request library in Python.
If you're not sure if
you know these topics,
I would suggest that you go ahead and
watch the Intro to Python course first.
You're gonna get a lot more value
out of intermediate Python if
you have a solid understanding
of these foundational concepts.
If you're choosing to join us for
Intermediate Python without doing
the Intro Python course first,
go ahead and scroll up to
the top of the course website,
click on the Course Introduction and
then go to the Requirements settings.
You'll have to go through all
of these steps to be able to
follow along with the exercises
in Intermediate Python.